while I'm not sure what happened exactly
but we had been home from the Sprint
Center from the basketball games friend
and I about 15 minutes and he'd gone
upstairs he was our guest had gone
upstairs to go to bed my husband who had
left after the kayuu game was sound
asleep in our bedroom the dog was asleep
and so I was the last one up we didn't
smell any smoke when we got home and it
couldn't have been more than 15 minutes
because all I did was lock up check to
see if I had any phone messages and I
walked back to our bedroom I got ready
for bed I came back out to the dog's bed
and to just tell him goodnight and see
if he wanted to wake up and go back
outside or whatever he didn't and as I
did that I saw a glow we have sky lights
up above this great room in the center
of the house it's a two storey room and
I saw a glow that I knew didn't belong
there
so I watched it for just a few seconds
and determined I've never been around a
fire before ever and so I determined
that it was fire because it started
moving and just I could see the glow
jumping and then I started hearing some
popping so I ran back to the bedroom I
woke up my husband I called 911 office I
roll arm was going off and then the
alarm company called and so my husband
and my friend backed our cars out we got
the dog in the car I grabbed my
cellphone and my purse and we vacated
the house and it wasn't two or three or
four more minutes and the first fire
truck was here they called in one alarm
then they called in two and then called
in three and they worked
much all night I have no idea how it
started but it was fast I mean by the
time we did all this which took five or
six or seven minutes the great room was
pretty full of smoke and chunks were
starting to fall out of the ceiling down
on to the carpet and the sofa and stuff
like that just that we're okay and I
mean my phone's been ringing off the
hook and lots of text messages and
people have just been wonderful offering
food and clothes and places to say and
so we just need to kind of think get
through and get over the shock and and
regroup and decide what to do next but
life goes on and we're all okay and
we're thankful for that